[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the historical period drama film
phantom thread so let's get started one
thing to note this film is not actually
out on blu-ray yet so I had to work with
the available footage to get this out
before the Oscars the film opens in
1950s London with renowned fashion
designer Reynold Woodcock making dresses
for high society
Woodcock is controlling obsessive
demanding man who doesn't really seem to
value anyone besides his sister Cyril
who runs the day-to-day operations he is
haunted by his dead mother and stitches
hidden messages into the dresses that he
makes after tossing away his previous
love interest Woodcock meets a waitress
named Alma she moves in with him it
becomes his assistant in his muse they
eventually begin bickering and fighting
with Woodcock being extremely
unappreciative of her so Alma
intentionally poisons him with some
mushrooms Woodcock becomes extremely ill
and begins hallucinating about his
mother and Alma nurses him back to
health
Woodcock is moved by Alma taking care of
him and then they eventually marry after
a while they revert back to fighting
again and Alma decides to poison
Woodcock again but this time he has
figured out what she is doing however he
is happy about becoming violently ill
and being nurtured and views it as a
sort of stress relief and falls more in
love with her we see that this cycle
continues and eventually leading to them
having children as they continue their
twisted love as the film concludes so
that was the spoilers for a phantom
thread if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]